gasket/data-react Module that solves SSR issue when using gasket/data module (#298)
godaddy/gasket: packages/gasket-nextjs/README.md

script at a particular child index of the `<body/>`. To do so, you can set the
`index` in the decorator options.

```jsx
// pages/_document.js
import Document, {Html, Head, Main, NextScript} from 'next/document'

> import {withGasketData} from '@gasket/nextjs';

Reviewer: 👍🏻 good catch on the typo there.
_nit_: retain formatting:
```suggestion
import { withGasketData } from '@gasket/nextjs';
```

`<footer/>` instead of right after `<Main/>`.

This is especially useful if you are somehow nesting or extending the `<Main/>`
and `<NextScript/>` components and the decorator cannot find the right place to inject the script.

---

### withGasketDataProvider

Use this to inject gasket data in to provider context to share the gasketData with the `useGasketData` hook. This is SSR
and client side friendly and can be added at the app level or component level.

#### Example

---

```jsx
// pages/_app.js
import { AppProps } from 'next/app';
import { withGasketDataProvider } from '@gasket/nextjs';

const Root = ({ Page, pageProps }) => {
  return (
    <Page {...pageProps} />
  );
};

export default withGasketDataProvider()(Root);
```

### useGasketData

Use this hook to access the gasketData provided by the `withGasketDataProvider` hoc.

#### Example

```jsx
// MyComponent.js
import { useGasketData } from '@gasket/nextjs';

export const MyComponent = (props) => {
  const gasketData = useGasketData();

  return (
    <>
      <div>{gasketData.something}</div>
      <div>{gasketData.here}</div>
    </>
  );
};
```

## How it works

> During server side lifecycles' data can be added to the gasketData property. When the `withGasketData` hoc is added to a custom nextJs _document, the gasketData is added to the rendered html inside a script tag.
> 
> The `withGasketDataProvider` can be added to a nextJS custom _app or react component. This HOC will capture the gasket data from server side gasketData property or the script tag that was rendered to the html. If nextJs is preforming a SSR the data will come from the gasketData property, otherwise the data will come from the script tag. The `withGasketDataProvider` hoc will then create a provider and inject gasket data into a context that can be consumed by the `useGasketData` hook.

Reviewer: _nit_: keep consist "proper name" for Next.js
```suggestion
During server side lifecycles' data can be added to the gasketData property. When the `withGasketData` hoc is added to a custom Next.js _document, the gasketData is added to the rendered html inside a script tag.

The `withGasketDataProvider` can be added to a Next.js custom _app or react component. This HOC will capture the gasket data from server side gasketData property or the script tag that was rendered to the html. If Next.js is preforming a SSR the data will come from the gasketData property, otherwise the data will come from the script tag. The `withGasketDataProvider` hoc will then create a provider and inject gasket data into a context that can be consumed by the `useGasketData` hook.
```
